So now let's go ahead and put together this profile image.
First, we'll have to add that image.
So what do we need to do?
Let's go to our friends folder there instead of troubles.
And you should have access to this image.
We can find any image on the internet.
That's fine.
What do we need to do?
Is once you get that image, you need to drag that image onto drabble.
So have the image here.
We just copy that and paste inside there.
You can drag or you can just paste it all in.
And there we go.
You can see there is the profile image that JPEG.
Make sure if you're getting an image file is exactly this naming convention here.
So lowercase and underscore if you have more than one word, it's very important for Android.
OK, there we go.
We have that image there, so we are going to create this entity, so we are now going to create this.
Now the concept behind Compose is that we are using smaller, composable functions to create a bigger
user interface.
Declaratively, again, we're going to go through all of that at a later time who just going through
this process, the motions of this just to get started, really.
So you get excited about this course, OK?
So the idea again, is to create the smaller pieces that we can view them and then put them on top of
other pieces so we can create the fuller user interface.
With that, we are going to think about a different way to create these design phases and then add them
on top of each other so we could obviously go up here or inside of our card because it's going to be
inside of this card here and start pulling together the code to create our profile.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create another surface here because again, surface can be anything
that could make just the background.
We can bend it, we can do whatever we want with it.
All right.
So we have a surface here.
You can get rid of all of that, of course, and it's not needed in makes inside of a surface.
We want to bend it, we want to customize it.
So it looks exactly like this.
And at this point here, you should think about, OK, what would be the parameter we're going to be
passing inside here so that we can bend or customize our surface so that it looks circular and we can
add an image to it?
Well, Modifier Modifier is our friend, so I'm going to say modifier am going to pass the same modifier
as such and I'm going to go and first of all, create a size or not create invoke this size and set
it up the size here again.
It allows us to pass either width and height or just the size in general to say that whatever we pass
here, it's going to apply for width and height.
So I'm going to say for width and height, and you can just pass it like that deep, of course.
OK.
All right.
And the next thing I want to do, I'm going to put a new line, say Dot again.
And still, instead of a modifier game, let's say padding one padding around all is going to be about
five dpi like this?
Very good.
And the next parameter, I'm going to pass inside of a surface.
Make sure we're inside of our surface.
Here is the border.
If you have her over, in fact, to know what parameters we can pass, you can just hover over and we'll
give you exactly all the parameters you can pass right past.
Modifier can also pass that layers fine shape, color, border content, elevation, so forth.
In fact, let's just follow the order here, right?
Let's go to shape first.
So I'm going to say shape, and I'm going to say I want to circle shape like that.
If you just want to have a circle shape you don't have, you don't want to do anything to it.
You can just call it circle shape of this.
If you have over, you going to see that this is just a circle shape with all the corner sized as the
50 percent of the shape size.
So it's all going to be round, which is exactly what we want.
All right.
And the next thing we're going to do is let's go ahead and pass the color.
Actually, let's go ahead and pass the border thing tomorrow of great.
And the moment you start typing, you can see the border property requires a border stroke.
So Mercedes equal hit enter and we're invoke the border stroke and you can see the border stroke here
requires width and color or width and brush, but we'll get into that more.
So what is the width of this border?
Well, I'm going to say it's going to be zero point five dpi, so not even one very, very small.
And for the color, I'm going to use the color that we can get from Android Compose UI like this or
colors that come with compose.
And I'm going to say, I want this to be light gray again, and I'm going to get out of that and continue.
I want to say elevation of about four dpi to be a little bit higher than the background.
So it has that very nice material theme look.
All right.
Let's see if if this looks anything like we want.
And there you have.
It doesn't look quite like what we want, but at least we can see there is a skeleton here.
OK, so it's very round, but it's more like a pill than what we want.
It's OK.
We're going to get there, but at least we can see something.
It's working, right?
The next thing after elevation, what we can do can also pass the color.
I won't say color.
Now for.
As you saw earlier, I can go ahead and just invoke color object, if you will, and then get white,
light gray, whatever color, but I can also say something like this in the same material theme.
So this is part of, Of course, material theme that comes with compose.
So if I just go into material theme, I can say, Dad, I can go to colors and you can see on surface,
OK, like this.
And then I can do other things I can say, for instance, copy to say that I'm going to modify this
a little bit in this case, the alpha meaning how visible this color is going to be.
And where has that zero point five f like this?
OK, so not to go into a lot of details here because again, we will take the time to go into all the
details later, OK?
But what we're doing here is just actually evoking the material theme that comes with our project already.
We're going to go and say colors.
And in fact, if you open our project, you will go to white theme.
There we go.
We have color, shape, theme and so forth.
Like Double.
There's all of these colors are be invoked here and we'll get to that.
But what we're saying here, we want to take the material theme of the project, get the colors on the
surface here if you have over it, says color used to text and icons displayed on top of this surface
color.
And then we are just saying, OK, we want to actually make the alpha property of this little bit dimmer.
Not too bright, if you will.
The visibility of that.
All right.
So now do we have this code?
We have a surface.
What we want to do really is to have that image we added inside of this, right?
So it looks again something like this.
Well, how do we do that to do that?
Of course.
Remember inside of our surface, here we pass all these parameters, right?
But then we have this block, which means now we can add something inside of the surface.
All right.
So what is it we want to add?
Well, first I'm going to say image because that's what what going to add image.
There's different overloaded image functions here, right?
We're going to use the first one, which is we need to pass a painter.
So painter is going to be the object that will go and get what is it exactly that we want to paint onto
the screen?
Meaning what image we want to show?
So I'm going to say Painter is a painter, a such resource because we want to go through our resource
and get our image so he can enter.
And then I'm going to say in this case, are Dot Draw able to go to our troubles and get the profile
image?
So what we're doing here, we're going to art through our resource class that is hidden somewhere and
we're invoking the tribal folder.
So we go into our tribal folder and get our profile image, JPEG or whatever name you added.
And you can see here in the gutter, there is indeed that image showing very good at everything.
Also you notice here is that we must pass something else right in our image.
We must pass the content description.
What is this?
This will allow for our visually impaired folks to be able to know exactly what this image is supposed
to represent.
Right.
So we're going to say here profile image like this description of the image?
OK, so in after that, we're going to pass a modifier.
Notice the theme here is that modifier allows us to then modify as a name, imply our function, right?
How it's going to relay the information we passing can say modify or die size and then just give it
one big size of 135 dpi as such.
OK.
And there we go.
It doesn't look that great, but we're going to fix that.
So next thing we're going to do for our image here, we are going to pass a content scale because we
want to scale this to a better size other than this.
So and so here.
And when I say content scale and I want to crop it, let's see something is not right.
Obviously, we don't want this to take the whole space.
As you see here, I because the image now is taking this whole entire view, which is, of course,
our surface here inside of our card.
But I also have to remember something that the contents of this whole card will have something like
this because we are not just going to have the image right.
We are also going to have other elements here.
Going to have this divider and name and all this stuff.
So we need to figure out a way to subdivide this whole view so that all of these can be accommodated
accordingly.
And that's what we're going to be doing in the next video.